Add more links to API docs (#926)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/reference/workflows/ecs/interaction/commands/world-commands.md

<%(TOC)%>

# ECS: World commands

World commands are special commands that are sent to the SpatialOS runtime to ask it to reserve entity ids, create or delete entities, or request information about entities. (See the SpatialOS documentation on [world commands](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/design/commands#world-commands) for more information.)

> World command requests can be created through the `CommandSystem`, which also handles received responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
World command requests can be sent with the `CommandSystem`, which also handles received responses.
```
